Hello,

This email is to let you know that your panel titled:

<PanelName>

has been denied for Anime Boston 2014 due to being off-topic. Sorry. :(

The classification of your panel as off-topic has nothing to do with the
merits of the panel itself. It is purely a case of trying to keep the
content we allow for our official programming within our mission
statement.

This issue of where to draw the line on the type of content we allow
into Anime Boston is a grey area. Despite this, we want to stay as
focused on one area of culture as much as we can. Specifically, based on
our mission statement, we’re focusing on Japanese Animation, the
Japanese language, geneal East Asian culture, and areas that they have
influenced -- so long as they can be tied back into those core focus
areas.

We already have a number of crossover events to allow Anime fans to
enjoy other activities that fall outside of strictly Anime and
Japanese culture.  For example our informal dances, video game room,
live gaming track, and blood drive. While these events are not
strictly focused on Japanese animation and culture, we ask them to try
to tie in with the convention whenever possible.

Just for some information for you -- in a typical year we receive
requests for roughly 200 hours of panel programming from the Anime
Boston community. Of those 200 or so hours, only 50 or so are waitlisted
or denied. This shows that we accept the majority of panel requests
(about 80%) that are submitted. Of those that we waitlist or deny,
you’ll find that there is a mix of panels that follow our mission
statement versus those that do not. If we find that more and more panels
are being submitted outside of our mission statement, we may choose to
broaden our definition to some degree.

If you would like to get a better idea as to how our panels are
selected, please refer to the following thread on the Anime Boston
forums:

If we were to allow panels popular in our sub-culture that fall
outside of Anime and Japanese culture, we feel that our message
wouldn't be as strong, and we wouldn't have as strong and focused a
community.  Many of Anime Boston's programming staff, myself included,
also have a love of interests outside of Anime that a lot of us seem
to have in common. However, upon our inception as an organization back
in 2002, the founders of Anime Boston came to consensus that we
wouldn't allow our convention to get diluted and unfocused, and
decided to limit the scope of the content.  The current executive
staff of Anime Boston, and many of our rank-and-file staff have
continued to support this position.

As a final note, you are more than welcome to participate in unofficial
events, such as meet-ups, photo shoots, etc., outside of Anime Boston's
mission statement, provided that you are not disruptive to the con's
operations. The restrictions mentioned above only apply to Anime
Boston's official programming.

Thank you for understanding.

--

Anime Boston Panels Coordinator
