Hello,

This email is to let you know that your panel titled:

<PanelName>

has been ACCEPTED for Anime Boston 2014.

For the time being, your panel has been scheduled for <PanelRoom> on
<Day> starting at <StartTime> and running for <PanelLength> minutes.

Please note that this time and location of your panel is subject to
change up until the actual day of the convention. It is merely listed
here to assist you in final planning for your panel as well as a
double-check to help make sure I did not double book you by accident.
In addition, you should check in to Programming Operations after
picking up your badge to make sure there haven't been any last minute
schedule changes that could affect your panel.

If you desire to hook up a laptop, iPad, or other similar device to the
projectors in the panel rooms, please note that we only have VGA laptop
connections along with standard headphone jack sound hookups. If you're
not sure if your device has a VGA connection, please refer to this
following article:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VGA_connector

If your device does not have a VGA connection (Macs and tablets
typically don't), you'll need to purchase and provide your own adapter.
If you are not able to purchase one before the convention, both a Best
Buy and an Apple store are located across the street from the convention
center to purchase one on-site.

If you're not sure what kind of adapter you need, feel free to reply
and I'll try to help you figure it out.

For those of you who are expecting a registration reimbursement for
hosting a panel, please immediately notify me if your mailing address
changes at any point after the convention before you receive your
refund checks. It typically takes a few months for reimbursements to
be processed and we have had situations in the past where addresses
had changed between panel sign up and when the checks go out.

All panelists are offered guaranteed seating to the masquerade as a
benefit. If you are interested in this guaranteed seating, please let
me know how many of your panelists would like to take advantage of
it. This year, I am required to provide a count of how many masquerade
seats I'll be requesting before the convention, hence my need to ask
up front if you want any.

If you wish to cancel your panel, please notify me as far in advance as
possible. Failure to show up at your panel without notifying me in
advance may result in you being placed on my "naughty list" for future
cons. In addition, since I share information with other cons' panel
managers, you may end up on their "naughty lists" as well.

If you cannot make your panel due to a last minute emergency (illness,
car accident, delayed flight, etc.), please contact me via cell phone.
As long as you keep me informed, you do not have to worry about being on
my "naughty list."

As we get closer to the convention, you will receive further
instructions and information concerning hosting your panel at Anime
Boston. If you need to contact me at con and can't find me in
Programming Operations for any reason, I can be reached via cell phone
at XXX-XXX-XXXX.

Thank you.

--

Anime Boston Panels Coordinator
